Hey Wes
You okay there? You look kind of stressed now. No, I'm fine. I'm just writing speech
speech for a- for what for ISA
No-no for Ted's wedding
You know best man's speech. I know it's kind of early, but I figure I'll start now I've never written one before oh
Ok cool
So did tell already asked you [hMm]? Oh no not yet? But uh he will eventually oh
What makes you think that he's gonna ask, you?
Who else is gonna ask?
me
That's funny
No, Ted likes me more.
I'm a little bit bothered that wes would automatically think that ted's gonna choose him over me to be best man because quite frankly
Ted just likes me better. He's told me
Am I going to change the way I act around ted?
Hmm probably not just gonna be the same old me same old Phil
Hey, Ted. Hey Phil. I'm just so
Happy for your engagement
Thanks, just whatever you need just just ask me okay, and I'll be there. I'll do my best
to help you man
Cool by the way, like dance I can teach out a dance one two three. Why are you touching me? best man me
Know maybe later all right you got it. I?
Have this feeling that Phil is trying to take the best man title away from me
It's so sad because he doesn't even have a chance
I've known ted for 15
15 Days Longer than Phil
Days, Hey Ted I was at the mall today, and I thought of [you] so I got you something. Oh
here you go! Cool a
sweater
It's like 96 degrees outside
It is hot but you're so cool. Thanks
Hey, Ted
So there's something really important you need to know for the wedding reception okay? What's that taking off the garter?
You can practice on me
No, go away. I can get a different color
Hey, Ted. How's it going over there? It's fine. You want to use those coupons now
No
I'm okay, actually I don't know what's going on, but phil and west I've been acting pretty strangely around me lately
It's really weird why do I think they're being so nice I?
Don't know, but it's about time
It only makes sense that touch you choose me. It's written in the stars
Actually, it's written in my name
Seriously, hey, Teddy
Kill me with this Mm-hmm
How do you pronounce that the hat hmM? That's your name?
Yeah, but how do you say Wes chan okay?
Keep saying it West West Chance West to my left hand Wes chan question question best man, best man
best man
Hey guys
How's the neighbor lunch oh?
it was
They said hey Chris got you a little lunch
Thanks, Chris. Yes, not big [deal]
Hey Ted. Did you get that new wedding planning app for the iPad? Uh what for I don't have an iPad?
Are you sure yes? I'm positive. I don't have an iPad
What about the one on your desk?
What?
Wow, this is so awesome. Thanks, Wes
It's so Obvious that wes is threatened by me he can see that ted and I are getting along way better
So he's trying to buy his way into being best man
So not cool. So not a class he was
Hate it that way with me quick question um Blondebrunette why?
You know what? I'll just get a variety don't worry way. Why are you talking about?
Strippers what?
Okay, put your bachelor party
I was just gonna get two to three, but that this deal if you get nine you get the [tent] for free
I don't even want strippers. Why are you finding this well the best man?
You know plans to bachelor party so I just want to let you know that everything's Gonna be taken [care] of now
Is there sort of a themed costume that you kind of like like a [western] or military or law enforcement or- stop!
You don't need to plan on a bachelor party because you're not gonna be my best man
What?
looks like Wes Chan the best man
Neither are you wes my brother's Gonna be the best man?
What the fuck Ted?
You know what I didn't really want to be the best man because it's probably gonna be a boring
Stupid wedding. That's wack Ted
Have you seen my iPad> no no ted. I haven't seen your iPad. I've seen my iPad sorry, but I wasn't good
Oh, oh you want these to these are free back rubs, not backstabs. Oh
ok
Dammit Chris is this off to you is it did you forget the fabric Softener again? Oh?
I totally forgot ted. I'm so sorry my mind has been all fix it
Yeah, the wedding was great amazing actually
No, Chris doesn't know it happened yet
That's better
Yes, peppers hungry now go to store and get her some food you got it of course. I'll tell him eventually
He's totally Gonna pick me as the best man
Let's Pepper a dog or a cat?
you